[ACP-77] Adjust nomenclature due to renaming of Avalanche Subnets -> Avalanche L1s (#148)
avalanche-foundation/ACPs: ACPs/77-reinventing-subnets/README.md

> | ACP           | 77                                                                                   |

Reviewer: This alignment actually isn't necessary in the markdown tables, so I think leaving it as is makes it easier to update in the future if there any text changes, etc.

Author: my linter actually auto corrects this every time i save 😅 but i can prob disable it

Elastic Subnets, introduced in [Banff](https://medium.com/avalancheavax/banff-elastic-subnets-44042f41e34c), enabled Subnet creators to activate Proof-of-Stake validation and uptime-based rewards using their own token. However, this token is required to be an ANT (created on the X-Chain) and locked on the P-Chain. All staking rewards were distributed on the P-Chain with the reward curve being defined in the `TransformSubnetTx` and, once set, was unable to be modified.

> With no Elastic Subnets live on Mainnet, it is clear that permissionless, sovereign Subnets as they stand today could be more desirable. There are many successful permissioned Subnets in production but many Subnet creators have raised the above as points of concern. In summary, the Avalanche community could benefit from a more flexible and affordable mechanism to launch sovereign, layer 1 blockchain networks.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a sentence to the motivation explaining that after ACP-77, "Subnet" validator sets are no longer a subset of the Primary Network validator set, and that starting with ACP-77 and going forward, these sovereign networks on Avalanche will be referred to as Layer 1s or L1s to reflect this?

Reviewer: We could then also get rid of the "open questions" section 👍

Author: I pretty much replaced the open questions with the explicit renaming reasoning. I could move it to this section for more clarity as well

### Deactivated Transactions

- P-Chain

  - `TransformSubnetTx`

    After this ACP is activated, Elastic Subnets will be disabled. `TransformSubnetTx` will not be accepted post-activation. As there are no Mainnet Elastic Subnets, there should be no production impact with this deactivation.

### New Transactions

- P-Chain
  - `ConvertL1Tx`
  - `RegisterL1ValidatorTx`
  - `SetL1ValidatorWeightTx`
  - `DisableL1ValidatorTx`
  - `IncreaseL1ValidatorBalanceTx`

## Reference Implementation

A full reference implementation has not been provided yet. It will be provided once this ACP is considered `Implementable`.

## Security Considerations

This ACP significantly reduces the cost of becoming an L1 validator. This can lead to a large increase in the number of L1 validators going forward. Each additional L1 validator adds consistent RAM usage to the P-Chain. However, this should be appropriately metered by the continuous fee mechanism outlined above.

> With the additional sovereignty L1s gain from the P-Chain, L1 staking tokens are no longer locked on the P-Chain for sovereign L1s. This poses a new security consideration for L1 validators: Malicious L1s can choose to remove validators at will and take any funds that the L1 validator has on the L1. The P-Chain only provides the guarantee that L1 validators can retrieve the remaining $AVAX Balance for their Validator via a `DisableL1ValidatorTx`. Any assets on the L1 are entirely under the purview of the L1. The onus is now on L1 validators to vet the L1's security.

Reviewer 2: As an example of readability, "With the additional sovereignty L1s gain" doesn't really work since L1s didn't exist prior to this PR. The lift to rework this ACP to accomodate this nomenclature change will be fairly high.

NodeIDs can be added to a L1's validator set involuntarily. However, it is important to note that any stake/rewards are _not_ at risk. For a node operator who was added to a validator set involuntarily, they would only need to generate a new NodeID via key rotation as there is no lock-up of any stake to create a NodeID. This is an explicit tradeoff for easier on-boarding of NodeIDs. This mirrors the Primary Network Validators guarantee of no stake/rewards at risk.

The continuous fee mechanism outlined above does not apply to inactive L1 validators since they are not stored in memory. However, inactive L1 validators are persisted on disk which can lead to persistent P-Chain state growth. The initial balance requirement (the greater of 5 $AVAX or two weeks of the current fee) should be a sufficient deterrent as it must be fully burned for the L1 validator to become inactive. A future ACP can increase the initial balance to decrease the rate of P-Chain state growth or provide a state expiry path to reduce the amount of P-Chain state.

## Open Questions

> ### Subnets Are Now Called L1s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Should they still be called Subnets?
```

> Avalanche Subnets have been renamed: Avalanche L1s. Unlike layer 2 blockchains, layer 1 blockchains operate independently without relying on other systems for their core functions. They manage their own consensus mechanisms, transaction processing, and security protocols directly within their own networks. Subnets have always operated this way, scaling Avalanche's network horizontally instead of compounding dependencies by requiring chains to roll down to other networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Going forward, Subnets should be referred to as L1s. Unlike layer 2s, layer 1s operate independently without relying on other systems for their core functions. They manage their own consensus mechanisms, transaction processing, and security protocols directly within their own networks. Subnets have always operated this way. With the added functionality introduced in this ACP, they are clearly standalone networks, or L1s.
```
